## 6/18/24 Meeting

### Ideas we are thinking about

#### Flocking simulation
Contributors: Ritam, 
Status: Code for flocking simulation
Rough steps: 
- Take a usual flocking simulation, include the flapping of the birds
- Should the birds flapping be modeled by Kuramoto oscillators?
- Generate images as a result of the resulting paths
- Computer vision to make an interactive visual? Birds run away from the detected outline?

#### Beatpad chaos
Contributors: Max, 
Status: Ordered, set to arrive on Thursday
Rough steps:
- Program the game of life, choatic trajectory, and Ising/Potts model simulations on the web version.
- Convert into the form where they can be run on the beatpad hardware

#### Collective intelligence
Contributors: Max, 
Status: wikiguess.io exists, but it is a bit buggy. 
Rough steps:
- Edit wikiguess.io to show particular questions more often on landing (use cookies so hopefully no repeat).
- Edit wikiguess.io to include a histogram of previous guesses on that question.
- Figure out how/if to move the relevant part to our compilation website. 
- Ask CSSS participants to play the game (15Q x 45s?) (can be done asynchronously) [maybe we should put up a prize]

#### Collective painting
Contributors: Galen, Amara, 
Status: Canvases have been bought
Rough steps:
- Write the boundary conditions on the canvas sides
- Start to pester people to paint

#### Compliation website
Contributors: Bhaskar, 
Status: 
Rough steps:
- Set up a template using quarto for us to start to include javascript simulations in.

#### Virtual museum
Contributors: Max, Sara(?), 
Status: Just an idea 
Rough steps:
- Look into what would be required to make a 3d space where we could directly interact with the things we build (particularly if it is easy to embed js into unity)
- This is a pretty simple example of a museum space lol: https://www.medhieval.com/museum_demo/
- And maybe this lets us js + unity: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_B5YO73JBDc

#### Real Museum
Contributors: Bhaskar(?), Max, 
Status: Just an idea
Rough steps:
- Reach out to the U Michigan museum/get details about the planned digital art exhibit so that we can understand where our contributions may be able to fit in. 

